>> Steve Kinney: All right, so
we have the ability to add them, right?
And it gets added to the right list.
I have not implemented the ability
to check or remove yet.
We haven't done that,
we haven't done filtering.
And what I would like you to do is
add the ability to be able to check and
remove one of these.
So let's talk a little bit about
what's gonna be involved in that.
You have the item in
the singular item component,
you could literally call remove or
something like that.
You do need to do a little
bit of mechanics.
I would also recommend giving yourself a
method, so that you can just pass that as
the On click, for On the On click,
on either the check box or whatever.
So I'm gonna get you kind
of started in that case and
then help you tie it together.
Your major job is gonna be spending a few
minutes just kind of implementing it in
the UI and getting a feel for this.
And I will push up this
branch before we do that.
So with the item list, really,
we wanna call remove on an item, but
we want it taken out of the item list.
So what we'll likely do in
this case is we'll go in and
we'll give the item list a remove.
And we'll say,
>> Steve Kinney: [INAUDIBLE] remove,
let's see.
>> Steve Kinney: We call add item, right?
So we'll say,
>> Steve Kinney: removeItem
with a given item and all that's gonna
do is say this.items=this.items.
>> Steve Kinney: And I don't even need to
check for an ID, because before they were
different objects in memory and
we used the ID as a way to tell.
What I can do is just point it like
are you literally that item, right?
Cuz we're back to objects
stored in memory references.
It can change all of those things.
We don't necessarily need to
worry about each of these.
So we can say remove items.
And then what we'll do in the individual
item is we'll give ourselves,
>> Steve Kinney: action.bound, and
we'll say remove, nope,
>> Steve Kinney: We'll
say this.list,remove(item).
So it will be like hey, when I get
removed I know, this.list.remove(this).
I know when they call remove on me,
tell the list I want out.
And then we should be able
to have it automatically
removed from the list as well.